Use the MSVC toolchain (#111)
extendr/libR-sys: README.md

## Using precompiled bindings (recommended)

Two components are required to build the library:
1. [`R`](https://cran.r-project.org/): It needs to be installed and available in the search path.
2. [`Rust`](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started): It is recommended to install `Rust` using `rustup`; search path should include `Rust` binaries.

> **Note: Windows with R < 4.2 requires more complex setup in order to support the 32-bit version. Please refer to [README-old-windows.md](./README-old-windows.md) for more details.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: On Windows, R < 4.2 requires a more complex setup in order to support the 32-bit version. Please refer to [README-old-windows.md](./README-old-windows.md) for more details.**
```

Once `R` and `Rust` are configured, the library can be easily built:

```bash
# macOS & Linux
cargo build

# Windows
cargo build --target x86_64-pc-windows-gnu
```

To test the build, run `cargo test`.

```bash
# macOS & Linux
cargo test

# Windows
cargo test --target x86_64-pc-windows-gnu
```

## Building bindings from source (advanced)

> **Note: Windows with R < 4.2 requires more complex setup in order to support the 32-bit version. Please refer to [README-old-windows.md](./README-old-windows.md) for more details.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: On Windows, R < 4.2 requires a more complex setup in order to support the 32-bit version. Please refer to [README-old-windows.md](./README-old-windows.md) for more details.**
```
